{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c100000\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TODO:\
\
** Go back and create more session keys to hold onto object values. All instances will be saved on the last step (loans may be created and deleted to save\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}1.	Update expenses form and resource_types table so that \'93Insurance\'94 and \'93Bills\'94 are each considered 1 resource_type and the 
\b name 
\b0 input has an initial value of the type of insurance or bill. \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb3 {\listtext	2.	}Bills should have a default frequency of \'93Monthly\'94.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	3.	}Add necessary columns (see section below)\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb3 {\listtext	4.	}Complete expenses form with dynamic default values depending on 
\b @type 
\b0 (don\'92t use created \cf4 form field methods)\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb5 {\listtext	5.	}Complete similar forms for incomes and debts\
{\listtext	6.	}Create form partials used to piece together dynamic forms for assets depending on the 
\b type 
\b0 which is stored in the 
\b get 
\b0 params\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \cb1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Make sure that each piece of data from on step of the form is still accessible at the next step and every step after. By the end of the form, all data from each step should be accessible\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Above step can be completed using the session hash.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Car Steps:\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Basic asset form without interest\
{\listtext	2.	}Take into account 15% depreciation (yes, no, other rate)\
{\listtext	3.	}Rate of depreciation\
{\listtext	4.	}Amount owed, APR, payment amount, paid from, and payment frequency, next date\
{\listtext	5.	}Associated expenses\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Real Estate Steps:\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Basic asset form without interest. Ask about mortgage\
{\listtext	2.	}Mortgage details or payments\
{\listtext	3.	}Take into account average state appreciation\
{\listtext	4.	}Expenses\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}Complete create, edit, update, and delete functionality resources\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}When updating assets, always give option to toggle liquid/illiquid even if not present during create\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'93Are you sure?\'94 prompt if making illiquid asset liquid\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	8.	}Transfers and transfer_types\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}3 tables: recurring transfers, one time transfers, debt payments\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}on transfers index, there will be a dropdown to view all or just one at a time (unfortunately you will need to hit a submit button each time as opposed to auto updating with js)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	9.	}Delete unneeded code\
{\listtext	10.	}Auto update mode\
{\listtext	11.	}User authentication\
{\listtext	12.	}Forgot Password\
{\listtext	13.	}Contact page\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In 
\b assets/new/:type
\b0  use if statements based on 
\b params\{:type\} 
\b0 in order to alter default form\
\
* Add "paid from" to expenses with dropdown list consisting solely of primary liquid assets\
*Add time length (number of payments) to expense table with a default of indefinite and options: one time, daily, weekly, monthly, yearly.\
* Also add "next due date" date column to expenses\
\
* Add "directed_to" to incomes which will define which asset income goes to directly (may include both liquid and non liquid assets but separated by category in dropdown. MAY ALSO GIVE OPTION TO CREATE NEW ASSET FOR INCOME TO BE DIRECTED TO)\
* Add \'93time length\'94 and \'93next payment date\'94 similar to expenses\
\
Each resource gets own form (no more dynamic resource form)\
All debts, expenses and incomes will have identical forms\
Assets form will be somewhat dynamic. There will be a set layout with a hidden field defining if the asset is liquid. There will also way to differentiate between estimated appreciation and guaranteed interest for different types of assets (all non liquId assets will be estimates). There will be extentions for this layout in the cases of:\
\
Cars (expenses on car such as gas, car insurance, maintenance, lease payment, or financing, AS WELL as an option for the cars  value to decrease at the average rate of 15% a year)\
* if financed, user has 2 options:\
1. Enter amount owed and interest rate (compounded daily if 'i dont know') as well as payments and frequency [notice user that this will be registered as a debt]\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 2. Payment anount and number of payments left [notice user that this will be stored as an expense]\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
Real estate (average appreciation placeholder ans notice, expenses such as mortgage, gas bill, electric bill, water bill, tv/phone/internet, yearly maintenance, income property/rent received? (Would create income automatically)) \
\
Use labels instead of placeholders so that interest may be preset to zero or avg state real estate appreciation \
* or use both labels and placeholders}